# ai-project
 A cat-and-mouse game on an 8x8 grid-based board. The objective of the game will be for the mouse to travel to the other side without getting caught by the cat. The cat will win if it catches the mouse before it reaches the opposite side. This is a monument to “Tom and Jerry”, one of my favorite childhood shows. The mouse can only move in the basic cardinal directions (up, down, left, right). The cat will also only be able to move in the basic cardinal directions, but I plan on programming the cat to intelligently chase the mouse. I can use the search algorithms we learned in class like A* to make the cat’s movements more strategic. 
 
Some obstacles that I intend on leaving randomly around the game board are cheese and mouse traps. The cheese will allow the mouse to have an advantage, which I think will be moving two spaces instead of 1 or being able to move diagonally (the “powerup” is still under consideration). I also want to add an obstacle which is mousetraps which the mouse has to avoid. This will increase the difficulty and complexity of the game, similar to what the pits do in Wumpus. The conditions and format of Wumpus slightly inspire this game, so Wumpus would be a good source of data to write my program, but I plan on having different conditions in my unique game. 

	I want the whole gameboard to be printed out randomly each time with all the cheese power-ups and mouse trap obstacles being visible. My goal as a game creator is for the player to strategize from there about their moves, especially against a CPU or another player2. I think this game can be single-player or multiplayer, and I think this game would be fun to play. An interesting implication for this game is to have different difficulty levels for the AI cat. For example, an easy AI would make random moves while a hard AI would make intelligent decisions to aim for the cat. 
